hello everyone and welcome to episode 21
of the padreon my name is James and this
week
um
I think this episode may be another
episode that goes out live
on to
um my YouTube channel because this is
something that I feel like needs to be
talked about
instead of just my inane ramblings
laughs
so we're gonna have a chat about uh kit
Connor who most of you would know as
Nick from heartstopper and how he has
been forced to
out himself because of a lot of people
saying that he is queerbaiting by
playing a bisexual character on a
television show heartstopper on Netflix
um
but not coming out as some flavor of
queer
and so they've been saying they've and
they've been saying this for months now
he left Twitter for a while
because people were
just attacking him over this kind of
demanding that he come out
and so he left Twitter for a while and
um yesterday October 31st he put out a
tweet saying back for a minute I'm bi
congrats for forcing an 18 year old to
out himself I think some of you missed
the point of the show bye
which is basically sums up my opinion of
the whole situation that
an internet mob demanding
a queer person to out themselves
um
forced someone an 18 year old who you
know I'm I'm 33 I look at an 18 year old
as a kid like I know you know like 18 is
the age of adult blah blah all that I
don't care an 18 year old is a kid
um
you know they're still figuring stuff
out I know people who didn't figure out
their kind of queer status until they
were in their 20s or 30s some even in
their 40s or later
and
so
I did a stream last night and that's
when I was informed of this live
um
so I was kind I was doing a stream
playing a video game playing Resident
Evil and so I was kind of trying to have
to figure out okay how do I do this how
do I how how do I play the video game
and like
sum up my thoughts on this and so that's
why I decided to do this podcast and for
my pray turns for my patrons I do
apologize for putting this one live I
know the patreon or the patreon is
supposed to be Patron exclusive
um but I do think that this is a topic
that
ought to be discussed uh like I said
[Music]
um
and even I'm just kind of
looking around
at different articles talking about it
variety for instance says heartstopper
Creator and fans rally around star kit
Connor after he's
forced to come out as bisexual and they
have forced in quotation marks
as if he is
you know kind of
drumming up drama around this that oh he
wasn't forced to come out it's like no
there has been so much
pressure from a certain section of the
internet a very loud section of the
internet for Kit Connor to come out as
queer in some way
that I can imagine for an 18 year old
who is just getting his start in the
Indus in the film industry who's just
getting his start really as an actor
he's been an actor before like he was in
rocket man he played young Elton John
um and he obviously he's done other
projects as well but you know Heart
Stopper is his first you know big hit
it's made him famous and just as he's
hitting this stride at such a young age
of 18
there Comes This wave of negativity
basically saying you are illegitimate
your character is illegitimate you are
not worth the time of the queer
Community if you don't come out and so I
just want to talk about first of all I
want to talk about coming out in the
film industry
um
because that's kind of I know a lot of
people in the film industry I know a lot
of gay people in the film industry and I
know a lot of uh people in the film
industry who know a lot of gay people in
the film industry who are not out a lot
of actors who are not out of the closet
um publicly they are to friends and
family their agents you know their
managers know producers know but an
industry exists to make sure that the
vast majority of people do not know
because they are
the type of actors who could be
classified as Leading Men
um
you know like the Leonardo DiCaprio's of
the world not not Leonardo DiCaprio
isn't one of them but you know people
who could be on his level
there are actors who could be on his
level and there is who are gay
um who basically everyone in the
industry knows they just keep quiet
about it because they know there would
be a huge backlash and their career may
very well be torpedoed as it's just kind
of getting off to a good start
if they were to be outed
because that is unfortunately still how
Hollywood works now I know we know lots
and lots of gay actors
um
let me just
bring up uh a list of them here just so
that I'm not uh hemming and highing like
I already am
but you know you've got actors like
Zachary Quinto and Neil Patrick Harris
and Jim Parsons and Jane Lynch and Raven
Simone and Guillermo Diaz and Ian
McKellen of course and Sarah Paulson and
Matt Bomer and Cynthia Nixon and Kristen
Stewart and uh well obviously Elton John
Sarah Gilbert
um Cheyenne Jackson Colton Haynes who
recently released an autobiography
talking about his coming out process
um
uh Ben winshaw uh Wanda Sykes Wentworth
Miller Rosie O'Donnell Ricky Martin Lily
Tomlin Sam Smith Jesse Tyler Ferguson so
you know we know lots of queer actors
and performers and celebrities we know
lots of queer celebrities and so I think
we have gotten used to the idea of oh
well it's all better in Hollywood now
that you know maybe 20 years ago if you
came out your career would be torpedoed
but not now not now it's everything's
everything's better now because you know
Hollywood is so gay
um
and
you know there are the the sort of
behind the scenes of Hollywood the
um the people who really make the town
run
are
I don't want to say majority but a
pretty sizable chunk of them are a part
of the queer Community
um
but the people who make the decisions
the people who make the final decisions
I'm talking The Producers the executives
they are not gay for the most part some
of them are like Ryan Murphy but for the
most and he goes out of his way like
he's said some dumb stuff in the last
week regarding the Dahmer series but he
has gone far out of his way to give
queer performers all across the Spectrum
an opportunity to get
um
viewed by a much larger Audience by
being on hit shows like American Horror
Story and American Crime Story and as
well as
giving them work in general
because
work for queer performers is kinda hard
to come by especially like the cast of
Poe's
um
having transgender actresses and
non-binary actresses and non-binary
actors uh getting them work on a highly
regarded show
is something that it does take a Ryan
Murphy type figure to do even though
Ryan Murphy didn't really run Poe's uh
pose was mostly run by actually uh
creators of color
um and trans creators of color as well
which is really great that you know
executive producers were hired that
actually were a part of the community
but other than Ryan Murphy
there aren't a lot of queer producers or
Executives out there to give queer
actors a chance to shine
it is mostly old white men
grumpy old white men like the
um the CEO of Disney the CEO of Warner
Brothers these kind of guys that you
look at them and you're like oh you can
just see just by looking at them like
you're like oh you hate us
um
and you know whether they hate us or not
they're certainly not going out of their
way to support us
and so that is really who runs the film
industry like from the top because the
people who make the film industry you
know work as you know a well-oiled
machine they are
um
they are gay people and lesbians and
trans people and non-binary people they
are the people who make Productions work
but the people who make Productions
funded
are the straight old white men
and those straight old white men still
have a very
strict idea
of what
classifies
as marketable to a mainstream audience
and
they do not think to this day they do
not think that gay actors are marketable
to a mainstream audience
there have been multiple actors just
over the last couple of years who you
can find with a relatively ego easy
Google search I'm not going to talk
about their name I'm not going to
mention their names
because that would be outing them I've
talked about it on streams and stuff
like that but I'm not going to talk
about it on a video that's you know up
forever
um but there are pretty major actors
um
who have been you know coming up in the
industry in the last couple of years
who have almost had their careers
destroyed
because they came out on Instagram
or they had a couple of many Paparazzi
too many Paparazzi pictures taken of
them at the beach with their boyfriend
um
and people who came out over a decade
ago who quickly went back into the
closet and have been very deep within
the closet since then to the point where
they're being set up with actresses and
things like that to kind of keep hush
um
so that nobody questions their sexuality
and this is how Hollywood still to this
day works this is what was happening in
the 19 like 40s and 50s with Rock Hudson
where actors like Rod Rock Hudson and
actors like Anthony Perkins would be
given girlfriends
and by producers and Executives and said
okay now you're gonna go to dinner with
her and you're going to be seen and
we're going to make sure that the Press
is there and that was done and it's
still done to this day that is still
done because these old white men
producers
thoroughly believe that if an actor is
gay
the majority of America and again this
is Hollywood so this is very
america-centric
um
that the majority of America would
basically disown them
and
whether they're right or not
we don't really know because we've never
had a really good case study
of it in a general sense with Neil
Patrick Harris
he kind of went away for a very long
time and then came back and came out
but he was a part of a hit TV show that
was where he was playing a very straight
character and did a good job a good
really good job doing it and so it was
easy for audiences to kind of
disassociate his uh homosexuality
because he was so good at playing this
womanizing straight character
and
since then
he hasn't been in
any huge projects if you notice he was
in Gone Girl but in a very minor
supporting character uh he was in the
new series on Netflix uh the title of it
is escaping me but he it was
um a quote unquote quote unquote older
gay man so Neil Patrick Harris's age
which as far as I'm concerned that's not
an older gay man
um
but uh he and his long his long-term
partner dumps him and he's kind of
forced out into the dating game again
and it was not a success
and
the timing of this in particular
is incredibly bad
because
the question of okay are gay actors
marketable
was put to a test with Bros
and
say what you will about Bros
it was
two gay actors in the lead roles of this
movie the quality of notwithstanding the
problems with
um
uh
the main actor I can't believe I'm
forgetting his name I'm I'm I just sat
down to do this right after a stream so
I'm kind of flighty I apologize
um but the
the main actor had some problems and
stuff but like forget about all that
Hollywood doesn't care about that
uh Hollywood doesn't give a damn about
the technicalities surrounding the
failure of a movie Billy Eichner sorry I
had to Google it because it was driving
me crazy uh Billy Eichner and Luke
McFarland were the lead characters lead
actors in that movie both of them are
out gay men and have been out and gay
for quite a while
um
and the movie bombed
at like almost like drastic levels uh
with a 22 million dollar budget and a an
estimated marketing budget of 30 million
dollars
which there's been no confirmation
that's just kind of what's leaked out of
you know different Hollywood sources
that would mean that the movie would
need to make a hundred million dollars
to break even because basically
uh I've talked about this in videos
before
basically for a movie to break even it
has to make twice as much at the box
office
as it cost to make and Market because
movie theaters keep roughly 50 of the
money that is made
so 50 million dollars and it's made 13
million so
huge bomb huge bomb because it needed to
make about 100 million to break even
um
so
that is the most recent gay thing
that Hollywood will look at
and they look at that and they say oh
nope gay actors are not marketable
and they don't look at this the the the
sort of the surrounding Confluence of
events they did they don't Executives
don't care about that they don't care
about people's opinions on why something
failed they just look at it as black and
white failure success did it break even
was a profit gained from this project no
it's a failure
there is no caveats there it's a failure
that's the way Executives work
Executives don't think about social
causes Executives think about dollar
signs that's what their job is that's
what they're paid to do
um
and so like I said again sorry for
repeating myself Bros is the most recent
thing in Hollywood's memory as far as
gay actors go
and
now or as queer actors go
and now with kit Harrington not kid
Harrington oh my god
um kit Connor
kit Harrington is not gay uh with kick
on her
um being forced to come out as bisexual
and he was forced to come out as
bisexual because there was so much
pressure put on this kid
for him to come out
because
from from some fans of Heart Stopper who
said that
you know I'm gonna stop watching the
show if he's straight
other fans
um other people who may not even be fans
saying that he's queerbaiting the
Audience by not coming out as bisexual
that he's pulling a hairy styles by not
saying it one way or another
and while seeing all of this I'm like
guys he's 18 years old give him a break
give him some time
um
it's you know just infuriating
and
and this is from someone who used to be
very like okay listen if you're gay and
you're in media you need to come out
because we need more
um
we we need more uh exposure
but he's 18. like this isn't like if
uh who's a who's an actor that's like
really bulletproof
um
Chris Evans it's not like if Chris Evans
came out and said I'm gay
a lot of people would be like oh but
plenty of people would still go to see
Chris Evans movies
I don't think it would hit Chris Evans
very hard if he came out as gay
because he has an established fan base
he has as an established career he has
established relationships you know he's
Captain America
um
or at least he was Captain America
um so it wouldn't really affect him that
much
if someone like
uh well Leonardo DiCaprio if Leonardo
DiCaprio came out as bisexual it would
not affect him at all if anything it
might increase his fan base
um but you know kit Connor is just
getting started in his career
and with Bros just show having shown
Hollywood that
gay actors are box office poison
or queer actors or our box office poison
and you now have Kit Connor being forced
to come out
that puts a big asterisk above his
career
because now there is a question hovering
over him
kid Connor has been in talks for big
roles
um
he didn't come to Hollywood for most for
a big chunk of 2022 to see the sights
he came to Hollywood to talk to Casting
agents and talk to Casting executives
because Heart Stopper came out it was
huge there was an immediate
thirst for him among lots of teenage
girls and teenage boys and a lot of much
older people
um
a little problematic but anyway
that he gained a huge fan base and a
huge following on social media just
people sharing every single picture
taken of him anywhere whether it was a
Paparazzi picture it was a selfie it was
a picture taken with fans it would just
be shared everywhere kit Connor was
trended on Twitter so often
it was like every single day I saw him
trending on Twitter
um
and so like he
had this golden opportunity handed to
him because of what came out of Heart
Stopper
that
none of the other actors on the show
have really gotten the
and you ask yourself well why not are
they not as good
no
it's because the other especially the
other queer actors on the show
they're out they were out when the show
came out
and so for most Hollywood Executives and
casting agents they were immediately
written off
they weren't flown into Hollywood to
read for roles at DC or Marvel or
Universal projects or things for
um you know I don't know the rings of
power or something I don't know
um
uh or House of the Dragon whatever they
weren't brought in to read for these
giant projects uh I don't know for sure
what kit Connor was brought in to read
for and by read for I mean audition
um
and to speak to Casting agents and get
to know people but he was brought in
and he had this amazing opportunity and
I think that's why he left Twitter
because it was like you know I have this
amazing opportunity as a very young
actor
to be able to really
you know gain a foothold in this incr in
this industry that is near impossible to
gain a foothold in
and
people were you know poking and prodding
and saying you need to come out you need
to come out you need to come out and so
he left Twitter for a while because he's
like I I'm not going to do that I I
can't right now
and
I understand that
I completely understand that because
like I said there is still a huge stigma
for queer actors in Hollywood
um and you know there are plenty of
queer actors getting roles on Netflix
and and shows in the UK and on TV in
general but not in movies
he was reading for big roles in movies
and
now that Heart Stopper is shooting
season two even though he hasn't been on
Twitter he is basically on Twitter
because people are sharing uh they've
been in Paris filming on on location and
so people have been sharing pictures and
then the comments under these pictures
just become a deluge of he's
queerbaiting he's queerbaiting he's
queerbaiting he's queerbaiting
and so he comes back and says you know
back for a minute I'm bi congrats for
forcing an 18 year old out himself I
think some of you missed the point of
the show bye
and
because there's just so much pressure
because there's the potential
that
a lot of people would say I don't like
him because I think he's queerbaiting
and he should come out so I'm not going
to watch season two
and then season two fails and then that
Torpedoes the careers of everyone else
on that show
then it's a one-hit season wonder One
season Wonder
and
then it's not just kick Connor's career
who's in danger it's everyone's career
if these
asshats
decided to you know not watch the show
anymore because they were angry at kit
Connor for not coming out
and so I think he was thinking of his
friends and his co-workers and his
castmates and he was like I don't want
their careers to be torpedoed by this
toxic
group of people
so
I'm going to you know
take the arrow to the knee and
you know go on there and come out and
you can tell just by the Tweet he's not
happy about this because this isn't
someone who has come to terms with their
sexuality they've you know talked to
their friends and family they're
comfortable about it and they're ready
this isn't someone who is ready to come
out publicly this is someone who is
being pushed out of the closet
and that's not something that we should
do
ever like
I think there are some exceptions that
can be made for say republican
politicians that we know are gay that we
have proof that are gay and they are
voting for anti-gay bills for anti-trans
bills stuff like that
I'm not going to say don't out them
because then from their voter base
they're not going to get reelected
so
you know
that's one less person who is actively
hurting the Community kit Connor was not
hurting the community
none of the actors who I know are gay
are hurting the community by not being
out
in fact most of them raise money for the
community for Charities like um trans
lifeline and things like that and the
Trevor Project
and even though they're not out they do
a lot to raise money for causes in the
community
and you know so they're doing their part
because they can't come out just because
of the industry they're in
and it's a toxic industry ask
any woman who was ever in a room with
Harvey Weinstein they will tell you just
how toxic this industry can be
um
and
so there's been a huge reaction online
to this as you can imagine a lot of
people gloating
kind of saying like yeah we got him to
come out yay he's out yay and it's like
okay yay he's bisexual what do you think
he's gonna date you
like do you think you you're get you're
getting something out of this other than
the the joy of outing an 18 year old
that you don't know
um
Alice oseman the creator of Heart
Stopper
um
uh put out a statement saying I truly
don't understand how people can watch
Heart Stopper and then gleefully spend
their time speculating about sexualities
and judging based on stereotypes I hope
all those people are embarrassed as F
kit you are amazing
uh and then went on to say if Heart
Stopper helps a young queer person in
their coming out journey or if it helps
a parent understand their child a little
bit better it is the most lovely and
heartwarming thing you could hear and
makes it feel like it's all worth it
um
actually I think she may have said that
earlier
um
kit Connor also said
to have a show where you see queer
people being happy and being together
and United as a group I think there's
something really beautiful about that I
think that shows like euphoria that are
very queer and still very much sort of
adult in many ways because they are very
dark and gritty I think it's really
important to have a show that is just
portraying queer love and queer Beauty
and I believe yeah pretty sure he said
this before this happened
um like on the original press tour
um
because that's one of the nice things
that people have loved about
heartstopper is that it's not that it is
something that you know
you can feel as a queer teenager or
pre even preteen you can feel
comfortable watching Heart Stopper with
your parents if you know your parents
are accepting
um you can feel comfortable watching it
with them because you know there's not
going to be you know a random dick
popping up somewhere it's usually not
dicks but you know a random sex scene
um
that's just like gratuitous
or you know other
like heavy drug use and stuff like that
like it's something you can watch with
your family it's something that your
grandparents can watch and be like oh
oh it's just they just fall in love like
that and it it like I've seen so many
stories on Twitter and Instagram and
Tumblr about people getting their
grandparents to watch Heart Stopper and
suddenly their grandparents aren't so
homophobic anymore
you know maybe it doesn't convert them
to being 100 on our side but you know it
opens the conversation and so and
there's lots of people who don't like
Heart Stopper and that's perfectly fine
it's not for everyone it is very sweet
it's like it's like the sweetest candy
it is not for everybody
um I've only been able to watch it once
all the way through because it is so
sweet
um
that it's almost painful for my uh
frustrated 33 year old haven't had a
boyfriend in 10 years heart to be able
to watch it but
um you know it just it gives it it's
this happy place
and now this happy place
is being infused with this
again toxicity
from people who aren't seeing the
message they're not looking at
kit Connor's character
and seeing his slow Evolution well
that's slow because it's not that long a
season but his Evolution across the
season coming to terms with his
bisexuality
um
you know
coming to terms with the fact that he
likes boys is he gay is he bisexual
figuring out okay he's bisexual and then
coming and then on his own terms in his
own time coming out to people and coming
out to his mom and stuff like that that
they watch that and they see this
bisexual character be able to do that in
their own time
and then they look at the per literal
the literal person playing that
character
and they say but you don't get to have
that you don't get to have that you need
to do it on my time you need to do it
when I say you need to do it uh
yesterday
because you shouldn't have been cast in
this role if you aren't queer
and
you know it's and then that brings up
the the the big argument about should
you know should we really really be
focusing on casting queer actors in
queer roles
um because then
it kind of raises the question okay well
how many queer actors are not going to
get queer roles because they're not out
uh because they're you know in an
industry that for the most part won't
allow them to be out
um
and
that is a problem and it's something
worth discussing
I don't have the answer for that
um
I've I've never even
been forced to kind of reckon with my
gayness because I came out I figured out
I was gay when I was
like I figured out what gay was and that
that's what I was at about 11 and I came
out at 12. and it wasn't like I came out
to myself I came out to my friends my
family my grandparents just everybody I
had I didn't have the patience to wait
um
because I expected there to be this you
know amazing gay community to pop up to
support this 12 year old that didn't
happen
um
and
which is probably
for the better when you really think
about it
um
but
so I I've never had to kind of worry
about it and
Eve but even when I've when I was
working in marketing and things like
that when I would start at a firm
I I wouldn't mention that I was gay I I
wouldn't because you don't know
the opinion of the people
who really decide
whether or not you get to make a living
and
you know
in Canada where I am it is illegal to
fire someone for being gay
but there's always a way they can come
up with a different reason
you know they don't have to say oh I
fired him because he's gay it can be
well he showed up late a lot and it's
like well how where's the proof of that
there doesn't really need to be proof no
no one's going to demand proof of that
um
which is why I'm so thankful for you
know being able to make YouTube videos
because as frustrating as YouTube is and
can be with queer creators
um it is a place that I can be myself
and I don't have to hide myself to be
able to
um you know make a living
and
that is a great
um
weight off of my shoulders
that most actors in Hollywood
specifically it's different everywhere I
know it's a lot easier to be out in
England uh the England the English
acting scene for instance
um
but when you're trying to work in
Hollywood
it's very hard
to just
come out
because no matter how big your fan base
is no matter what kind of franchise
you're in you never know
which old white male executive
is gonna look at you and say
well I don't think you can make us money
anymore so I'm not even gonna try
and so now this 18 year old kid
who is incredibly talented the boy can
sing and the boy can act
and is incredibly talented
and is on this show that is making
people incredibly happy
has now been backed into this corner
where
he may have just if not
I think I think he has a fan base that
is AVID enough
that it won't torpedo his career
a Heart Stopper has been such a hit for
Netflix if nothing else Netflix will put
him in stuff
but
you know will
possibly have hurt his career
just because
he has had to
acquiesce
to these online [ __ ]
demanding an 18 year old
divulge
you know what for a lot of people is
very personal information
um
you know even if he was in a different
industry like if he if he wasn't an
actor if he wasn't a singer or anything
like that if he was just working in I
don't know insurance
it's not fair to force anyone
out of the closet
when they are not if they are not being
you know
uh a force for bad for the community
like I said gay Republicans and stuff
um
who are in the closet and voting against
gay rights and trans rights and just
being horrible
um
most
people
most gay people are not
elected officials voting against their
own rights
most are not
and so like you know I'm focused on
Hollywood because that is the situation
at hand
a very talented young actor
may have just had his career ended and
that might be being dramatic because
like I said Netflix is going to keep him
around because he is very popular
um
and Netflix has had you know Netflix has
had its problems with queer rep with
queer stuff but they they have produced
a lot of queer content
um
but
he may have just really hurt what could
have been movie stardom
like
you know getting into the Marvel movies
maybe playing hulkling or something like
that in the Young Avengers or you know
getting into you know just Blockbusters
or big Hollywood movies and Oscar movies
something whatever
um
that may have
put the brakes on that for him
because of these [ __ ] who feel like
he owes them something
because he's
a public figure
they know who he is
they want to know if he's gay because
he's gay or bi or queer because he's
playing a queer character he's playing a
bisexual character so they want to know
they want to know if he deserves their
respect they want to know if he deserves
their admiration because how dare he
expect them to not disqualify him
for doing an amazing job playing a
character that helped a lot of people
that alone is not enough for them
he has to justify that
by
telling them
I am what you need me to be
what you specifically need me to be
and the Really heartbreaking part about
it is that they're a minority
a very loud toxic minority
and
you know kit Connor is not the first
person that they have come for
um they have come for plenty of people
in the past
and he's just the most recent and
I think probably the most high profile
because her Heart Stopper has been so
popular
and it's just really sad seeing this
it's sad because I I don't know if it's
if it's coming from the gay community
and you know if it's coming from the
queer community and we're demanding this
of him
if it's coming from
straight viewers who feel like they're
doing the right thing by you know uh
forcing him out of the closet
because you know he should stand up with
the gay community and all this kind of
stuff
I don't know if it's you know
fan girls who want to know whether or
not they'll ever get to be with him or
if it's Fanboys who ever want to know if
they'll be with him
um I can answer that for all of them
in all of you if any of you are
listening no you're never going to be
with him
um whether he's you know he's bisexual
but whether he was gay straight bisexual
uh pansexual asexual aromantic whatever
you are never going to you know be his
boyfriend or be his girlfriend
so I don't know why you felt you had
so much
personal
stake in this
to force this 18 year old kid out of the
closet
at a very precarious time in his life
a maker literally a make or break time
for his career
and I'm just hoping that
his fan base rallies around him and from
what I'm seeing on Twitter they are
um
um he's got just on that tweet he's got
23 right as of right now he's got 23 000
replies
the vast mode I haven't obviously I
haven't gone through all of them but of
the vast majority that I've read have
been very positive
uh supporting him and apologizing
for the faceless masses that demanded he
come out uh and 405
000 likes
so
he's got his fan base he's got his fans
he's
he's also got you know Alice oseman
behind him
who's becoming you know a kind of a stir
creator with Netflix now
um with Heart Stopper being so popular
and they want to work with her on other
projects
um I want to work with them with other
projects I apologize
um
and you know he has had talks with
um pretty big pretty big studios in
Hollywood pretty big production
companies and some pretty big Executives
and I'm hoping that this
doesn't put the brakes on all of that
I like I said I think there's going to
be people there to support him no matter
what
um if the brakes are put on there will
be people at Netflix there'll be people
like Alice oseman who will be there to
you know
keep them going
hopefully you know someone like maybe
Zendaya who you know can help him do a
get him in Spider-Man or something I
don't know
um
you know just
I just hope that
this really talented kid doesn't have
his career destroyed because of some
[ __ ] on the internet
because it may sound hyperbolic
very recently
careers have been destroyed because of
people coming out
um
and careers that looked very promising
disappeared
so
that's my thoughts on this
[Music]
um
thank you for listening
I would love to hear what you think
about it in the comments
be respectful
and uh
again thank you so much for listening
I'll have a new video coming out soon
thank you for watching my most recent
ones I really appreciate it
and if you're one of those people on the
internet who has been demanding the kick
Connor come out
I feel like you should maybe do some
self-reflection
of what
you expect from queer people